MARIANELI DE LEON
Graduate student & Journalist

marianeli.deleon@yahoo.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/marianeli-de-leon-9573a5192/
Twitter:  https://twitter.com/Marianeli123
GitHub: https://github.com/MASDL22

I am a first year graduate student studying the multiplatform area of Journalism. I have experience with Word Press, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, AirTable, Google Slides, and Associated Press Style. I also have experience in a small newsroom setting and have published several publications online to various audiences.
Experience:
Student Blogger

The Universities at Shady Grove

May 2020 – Aug 2021

Create bi-weekly blogs for The Universities at Shady Grove’s Around the Grove blog website. Posts vary from advice for classes, book reviews, and giving information about campus resources and activities.

Student Worker

The Universities at Shady Grove

 Aug 2019 – Aug 2020

Conducted interviews with students to draft Student Spotlight section and researched local internship and job opportunities to publish in weekly E-Newsletters. Organized the archive database for the Terp Transfer Program on Air Table and entered prospective students’ contact information and transcript data into database for future updates of the campus. Helped with front desk duties such as answering phone calls and assisting students/guests with any questions or concerns while utilizing customer service.

Staff Writer

Montgomery College

Jan 2019 – Aug 2019

Wrote news stories about updates on campus events for Montgomery College Rockville Campus’ newspaper, MC Advocate, and reviewed pitches from students about main concerns on and off campus. Awarded for Excellence in Writing for publications in Montgomery College’s newspaper, The MC Advocate during the 2018-2019 academic year.

Education:

M.J. Journalism, University of Maryland, College Park, Expected graduation May 2023
B.A. Communication, University of Maryland, College Park, May 2021
A.A. Communication Studies, Montgomery College, May 2019

Skills:

Language: Proficient Spanish-speaker.
Writing: Associated Press Style format, blogging, editing, speech format, Microsoft Word, Word Press.
Communication: Public Speaking, Interviewing, Presentations
